Add Blueprint and lazy registration pattern (#423)
peopledoc/procrastinate: docs/howto/blueprints.rst

> Use Blueprints

Reviewer: Would we use a title that would be more descriptive of the problem we're typing to solve ?
Something like `Define re-usable tasks in a third party application` ?

> Use Blueprints

Reviewer: Could we use a title that would be more descriptive of the problem we're typing to solve ?
Something like `Define re-usable tasks in a third party application` ?

Author: I took a second stab at this HowTo.  Please re-review.

--------------

You can use blueprints to break up your tasks.

> Firstly use blueprints to create a task collection::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, use blueprints to create a task collection::
```

Author: I took a second stab at this HowTo.  Please re-review.

>     from procrastinate import blueprints

Reviewer: Anything that is to be accessed from outside of the project is aliased in the `procrastinate` namespace, so we'll need to add it to `procrastinate/__init__.py` and the doc can either:
```
import procrastinate
procrastinate.BluePrint()  # (preferred way)

# or

from procrastinate import BluePrint
BluePrint()
```

>     bp = Blueprint()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    blueprint = Blueprint()
```

>     bp = blueprints.BluePrint()

Author: Whilst a Blueprint itself is singular, it's very rare to have only one blueprint and they are typically referred to as a group.  So the module name would be plural and the class singular. 

This follows the convention of you `jobs.py` and `tasks.py` .  It's also the convention used in the flask project https://github.com/pallets/flask/blob/main/src/flask/blueprints.py

>     bp = blueprints.BluePrint()

Reviewer: Ah I was referring to the capital P in `BluePrint`.

>     bp = blueprints.BluePrint()

Author: Ah, that `P` was my fat finger hitting the shift key :laughing: 

All fixed now.

    @bp.task()
    def mytask(argument, other_argument):
        ...

> Then register blueprint with the app after you have created it::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your project, register blueprint with the `App` after you have created it::
```

    from procrastinate import AiopgConnector, App

    app = App(connector=AiopgConnector())

>     app.register_blueprint(bp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    app.register_blueprint(blueprint=blueprint)
```

Author: The API doesn't require a kwarg, and seeing the word blueprint 3 times in succession just makes me dizzy :dizzy_face:
